github actions for mbed-os-env docker management (#14952)
ARMmbed/mbed-os: docker_images/mbed-os-env/README.md

# mbed-OS development environment docker image

> This docker image is the official mbed-OS development environment.

Reviewer: This docker image is the official Mbed OS development environment.
* It is based on Ubuntu 20.04
* Python and CMake are installed
* Arm-none-eabi-gcc toolchain is installed
* Latest released version of mbed-cli and mbed-greentea are installed
* All other Mbed OS dependency tools are installed.

fixing some letters in our product names

Author: thanks, will update thesee.

* It is based on ubuntu 20.04
* Python and cmake are installed
* arm-none-eabi-gcc toolchain is installed
* Latest released version of mbed-cli and GreenTea are installed
* All other mbed-OS dependency tools are installed.

# How to use docker image:

## Pull docker images
```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/ARMmbed/mbed-os-env

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove extra newline here.

Reviewer 2: Line 16 is still here, but shouldn't be.

```

## Run mbed OS environment without HW support (build mbed images only)
launch docker by
```bash

> docker run -it docker pull ghcr.io/ARMmbed/mbed-os-env:<label>

Reviewer 3: extra pull ?

Author: done

```
Then you will have the container with mbed OS development environment.

> you should be able to compile mbed commands/examples as recommenced in mbed documentations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should be able to compile mbed commands/examples as recommended  in the documentation
```

e.g.
```bash
mbed import mbed-os-example-blinky
cd mbed-os-example-blinky
mbed compile -m <TARGET> -t GCC_ARM
```

## Run mbed OS environment with HW support (USB pass-through)
If you want to use this docker container connect and flash your targets. you need some extra command line option to pass-through your USB devices.
```bash
sudo docker run -it --privileged -v /dev/disk/by-id:/dev/disk/by-id -v /dev/serial/by-id:/dev/serial/by-id ghcr.io/ARMmbed/mbed-os-env:<label>
```

> Then you will have the container with mbed OS development environment.

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed OS
+ Mbed OS
```

> To make sure your mbed targets been detected, you might want to manually run the mount command and `mbedls` to check

Reviewer 2: Recommend `mbed-tools detect` instead of `mbedls`, assuming it works with this USB passthrough setup (it might not).

Author: This section needs some testing and updates. I copied this from old instructions. USB pass through will work only for Linux host. I will test next week `mbedtools detect` on Linux host

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed targets been detected
+ Mbed targets have been detected
```

# mbed-OS development environment docker image

This docker image is the official Mbed OS development environment.

* It is based on Ubuntu 20.04
* Python and CMake are installed
* Arm-none-eabi-gcc toolchain is installed
* Latest released version of mbed-cli and mbed-greentea are installed
* All other Mbed OS dependency tools are installed.

# How to use docker image:

## Pull docker images
```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/ARMmbed/mbed-os-env

```

> ## Run mbed OS environment without HW support (build mbed images only)

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed OS
+ Mbed OS
```

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed images
+ Mbed images
```

launch docker by
```bash
docker run -it ghcr.io/ARMmbed/mbed-os-env:<label>
```

> Then you will have the container with mbed OS development environment.

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed OS
+ Mbed OS
```

> Then you will have the container with Mbed OS development environment.

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- Then you will have the container with Mbed OS development environment.
+ Then you will have a container with an Mbed OS development environment.
```

> you should be able to compile mbed commands/examples as recommended in the documentation

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed commands
+ Mbed commands
```

e.g.
```bash
mbed import mbed-os-example-blinky
cd mbed-os-example-blinky
mbed compile -m <TARGET> -t GCC_ARM
```

> ## Run mbed OS environment with HW support (USB pass-through)

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed OS
+ Mbed OS
```

:warning: This currently works only on Linux host machines with [Mbed CLI 1](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.13/build-tools/mbed-cli-1.html).

If you want to use this Docker image to connect and flash your targets, you will need some extra command line option to pass-through your USB devices.
```bash
sudo docker run -it --privileged -v /dev/disk/by-id:/dev/disk/by-id -v /dev/serial/by-id:/dev/serial/by-id ghcr.io/armmbed/mbed-os-env:<label>
```

> Then you will have the container with Mbed OS development environment.

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- Then you will have the container with Mbed OS development environment.
+ Then you will have a container with an Mbed OS development environment.
```

To make sure your mbed targets been detected, you might want to manually run the mount command and `mbedls` to check
```bash
mount /dev/sdb /mnt
mbedls
```

> if `mbedls` detected  your connected target, then you should be able to run mbed tests/examples as recommenced in mbed documentations

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- mbed tests/examples as recommenced in mbed documentations
+ Mbed tests/examples as recommended in the Mbed documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- if
+ If
```

> If `mbedls` detected  your connected target, then you should be able to run mbed tests/examples as recommenced in Mbed documentations

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- you should be able to run mbed
+ you should be able to run Mbed
```

```diff
- recommenced
+ recommended
```

```diff
- Mbed documentations
+ Mbed documentation.
```

## Run Mbed OS environment with HW support (USB pass-through)
:warning: This currently works only on Linux host machines.

If you want to use this docker container connect and flash your targets, you need some extra command line option to pass-through your USB devices.
```bash
sudo docker run -it --privileged -v /dev/disk/by-id:/dev/disk/by-id -v /dev/serial/by-id:/dev/serial/by-id ghcr.io/armmbed/mbed-os-env:<label>
```
Then you will have the container with Mbed OS development environment.
To make sure your Mbed targets have been detected, you might want to manually run the mount command and `mbedls` to check
```bash
mount /dev/sdb /mnt
mbedls
```

> If `mbedls` detected  your connected target, then you should be able to run Mbed tests/examples as recommended in Mbed documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- in Mbed documentation.
+ in the Mbed documentation.
```
